Ning Ziyan, we are not married yet
Can you live outside without getting married?
Aren't you afraid I'll tell dad?
I can cancel the engagement at any time if I'm not married
This is a two-woman marriage.
How can you say that you are rejecting the marriage?
You are an adopted daughter
If it weren't for the real money being lost in the early years
How can it be your turn?
I came all the way to see you
How can you say such hurtful things?
I am human too
There will also be emotions
Then I suggest you be less emotional in the future
Because I don't like it.
Okay, I promise to go obediently in the future
I'll drive you to work
10 years ago
Fu Yuanchuan brought me home from the orphanage
At that moment, I thought I had met the light
Who knows it's a caged bird in captivity
Miss Ji should be called the richest official and offered a reward of 100 million
The world is looking for a daughter